Here I will explain what each file contains and what each function does.

main.cpp
    main.cpp is obviously the starting point of the conversion program
    I wanted to keep main as simple and short as possible. All it does is it creates a loop that will keep running
    the program until the user types in the command 'exit'. Commands are gathered as strings on line 22 and theres
    a simple if-else statement checking which command was used.

converter.hpp
    converter.hpp is the header file used in this program. it contains all the #includes that are used. so that
    I don't need to type them out multiple times to each .cpp file. currently it contains nothing else than the includes.

help.cpp
    help.cpp contains the commands- and help functions that are used in main.cpp
    
    The commands function basically just lists all the available commands to the user
    (This could actually be switched to use the file function and all this info could be read from a .txt file)

    The help function prints some basic information of the program.
    (this could aswell be just a .txt file and read with the file function.)

 selection.cpp
    selection.cpp contains the selection function which is used to determine what type of unit is being converted.
    The selection is now done with the user entering an integer that corresponds to a unit (listed to the user beforehand)

values.cpp
    values.cpp contains the values function and a function used to read and print out the contents of files containing
    all the units that can be used in the conversion.

    The values function is used to get the types of units needed in the conversion (target and original) as well as
    the original value we are converting from.

    the printUnits function is used to print out all the available units that can used in the selection conversion.
    (the ifstream shit could be done in a seperate function because its used in multiple funtions[check todo file])

errorcodes.cpp
    errorcodes.cpp contains the printError function

    The printError function is used to print out various error messages contained in ../files/errors/ folder.

temperature.cpp
    temperature.cpp contains the functions used in temperature conversion.

length.cpp
    length.cpp contains the functions used in length conversion.

mass.cpp
    mass.cpp contains the functions used in mass conversion.

speed.cpp
    speed.cpp contains the functions used in speed conversion.

area.cpp
    area.cpp contains the functions used in area conversion.

volume.cpp
    volume.cpp contains the functions used in volume conversion.

time.cpp
    time.cpp contains the functions used in time conversion.

timeconversions.cpp
    timeconversions.cpp contains the time conversion formulas. (yes, I know its really really ugly)

Makefile
    The Makefile is a simple makefile I used for testing on linux.